Take over.
Hear me? Yes.
I can hear you. Can you hear me?
Excuse me.
Hey, guys. Good afternoon.
Hello.
Good afternoon.
Hey, good afternoon.
Hello.
Hello, thanks for joining.
Good afternoon.
Hello.
Let's wake up my camera. How's that?
Hey.
We woke up. OK, so I think 1234.
We are waiting for one more team member,
I guess.
Yes, he should be making it today.
That's OK. We'll wait.
So I think Robin is about to join.
close.
Just messaged him.
I'm trying to contact him right now.
No worries and.
Let me let me try to share my screen.
Meanwhile, let me know if you can see it.
Uh, yes, so I can see it.
Yes, we can see it.
Yeah, and even if it's a little too small,
first of all you can zoom in and 2nd,
I promise there will be no.
Super important information there.
It's mostly for us to keep on the agenda.
Bless you.
Thank you.
So while we're waiting,
I have to tell you guys that I just went
to the student center.
I did my own free headshot and it's
really cool.
So whoever still haven't done it,
OK.
you have to try it out.
What? What do you do with that?
It literally.
Student Center, Career Services.
You know what? Here is the deal.
Oh.
OK.
I'm going to write a LinkedIn post
tonight about how simple it is with all
the step-by-step instructions.
So if you connect with me, hey Robin,
if you connect with me on LinkedIn and I
can promise you the.
There's only one with the same first and
last name out there.
You will see the post. Also,
it's a very healthy practice to maintain
your solid professional network on
LinkedIn. OK, so Robin is here.
Let's give you know what? How about this?
We wait and share.
Until one of four and then we start
whether your colleague is here or not.
All these meetings are being recorded,
so they should be able to go back and
watch it if needed,
but in general there are some attendance
requirements.
Not necessary for this particular project,
but for other meetings and we will go
over this as we talk about housekeeping.
OK, so 104.
OK, I just got in contact with him.
It appears like he had some technical
difficulties with his computer.
I'm not sure if he'll be able to make it
within that time,
but I think he's working on trying to get
Oh.
Tell him to get in from his phone.
in.
Background is fine.
Forgive the background.
We just want him to hear everything that
telling here and also if he has questions.
OK.
So you know,
let's start meanwhile because we will
start with the introductions and he
definitely knows you also.
Maybe this one is is OK. OK.
So welcome to the industry sponsored
Capstone kick off meeting.
So first of all for majority of.
You I hope this is the last class or
nearly the last class in your
undergraduate major. So congratulations.
And during this, so for this meeting,
wait a second, why is it not playing?
Yeah,
so this is how we want to run this
meeting.
First we will start with introductions.
We're going to introduce ourselves,
Partnerships, Engagements and Events team.
Then we will ask you guys to introduce
yourself. Professors,
if your professor joins,
we'll definitely want him to talk about
himself.
Then we will move to the sponsors and for
this particular project I am also one of
the sponsors,
so I'll sare you the double introduction.
We will talk about the roject background
and give you a brief overview even though.
You,
I believe you had a chance to study this
project spec, so you have the overview.
Then we will go over the housekeeping
items and then we will open this floor to
questions.
OK.
Cool. So that's us.
We are called CCSC Partnerships and
Engagements team.
We're also in charge of CCSC events.
Speaking of which,
our first Community Day of 2026 is
tomorrow.
And we suggest you check it out.
It's going to be cool. My name is Alla.
I'm the Director of Partnerships and
Events,
and in my team I'm blessed to have two
part-time program coordinators.
Taylor and Robin,
and normally we never show up all on the
same meeting because there are like 30
plus meetings of this kind.
But just for this one,
you're very fortunate to have all the
three of us. So Taylor, Robin,
would you like to go ahead and introduce
yourself?
Sure. I'm Taylor.
I will be helping moderate the teams chat.
I've been working here for about a year
and a half.
I went to KSUI did a capstone in 2021,
so it's cool to work with them from this
side as well.
And I'm really excited about the project.
So.
Hi everybody. My name is Robin Moss.
I am new to Kennesaw State.
Been here about a month.
Went to South Carolina State Bachelor's
in Biology,
Masters in Biotechnology from Morehouse
School of Medicine.
And I'm very excited to work with you all,
so please let me know if there's anything
I can do for you.
So I have to say that Robin already did a
huge thing for us.
So this presentations that you see in
front of you was made by Robin and it's a
blessing because until now we ran this
meeting just from whatever comes to our
head and it was.
Not great. So yeah,
you're already helping.
So for the students, if you can,
please tell us about yourself.
And when you talk about yourself,
five things, your name,
your major and your professional
background.
If there is anything you want to share,
we really want to know.
What drew you to this project?
One fan fact about yourself?
And then if you can,
please tell us whom do you want to go
next?
OK, and just let's stay with the students.
Meanwhile, I'll show you an example.
So like I said,
my name is Alec Kemelmakher.
The last name is my husband's fault.
My major is actually computer science.
It was a very long time ago.
In the last century,
most of you were not even born when I
graduated.
Then I worked as a software developer and
team lead, manager,
director in a large software development
slash IT company. And now I'm here.
One fun fact about myself is that.
I like to bake bread,
specifically sourdough bread,
and the fun fact is that every week,
approximately,
we do it here in the atrium building on
the third floor.
We have a bread maker in the break room.
So if you're around and it smells really
good and you want it but you don't have
access to the break room, find me,
let me know. We'll try to get you a slice.
So whom I would like to go next? Calvin.
Hello everybody. My name is Calvin Crose.
I'm a software engineering student here
at KSU.
I've worked with BIOS and UEFI at
American Megatrends Incorporated over the
past couple of summers.
What drew me to this project?
I saw that Power Automate and Graph API
was the recommended like automation tool
for the project and I recently did a side
project over winter break using.
Those technologies.
So just the familiarity kind of drew me
to the project.
One fun fact about me is I like to rock
climb,
and anytime I'm not doing school stuff,
I'm rock climbing.
So let's go with Jonah next.
Hey everybody, my name is Jonah.
I am a software engineer at Kennesaw
State.
In my last semester I have a lot of
experience with a variety of languages
from Java, Python, C# and even Rust.
And I have also had a lot of experience
with AIS, especially LLM.
I've actually been even developing one of
my own from scratch,
and that's kind of segues into what drew
me into this project.
I saw that it had a pretty good.
That was relatively involved with the
LLMS as well as with using Microsoft
Power Automate,
and I figured that would be a very nice
thing for me to try to pick up as well as
utilizing my knowledge in AI.
And a fun fact about me is that I play
volleyball.
Recreationally here at KSU and I competed
in a few tournaments with that and who I
would like to go next is Noah.
Hi, I'm Noah Noanyart.
My major is software engineering and I
work at Splitting Point,
which is a Roblox studio and I've been
working there for six months.
And I have lots of experience from high
level languages and scripting languages
such as Lua and Python to even Assembly
X86 and CC# C++.
So I have a wide variety of just the
levels of programming.
What drew me to this is, well,
I believe in integrating AI into
workflows and that applies to not just
like how we interact,
but like literally just like the process
of making things.
And that drew me to to this is just how
we can integrate AI more effectively into
things like meetings.
Because I think LLM's are a big part of
the future and big threshold.
One fact about me is I like playing piano
and running and I'm pretty much always
playing piano and running outside of
school.
And um.
Yeah. And I will give it to Marcus,
I think.
So hello, my name is Marcus Johnson.
I am a software engineering major at KSU,
but I did attend KSU back during the
2019-2023 when my major was a video game
design development,
but I decided to come back so I can.
Expand the breadth of my knowledge cause
I didn't feel like I had enough skill to
like branch out into stuff that would be
branch out into stuff other than game
design. So that's the reason I came back.
In terms of professional background,
I'm currently in an internship game
design related internship that I've been
working for.
For the past year, sort of.
The main thing that drew me to this
project was somewhat similar to Calvin.
I sort of saw that it works with SQL and
the that was one of the classes I had to
take for this major and.
Being able to actually apply skills to a
somewhat professional professional
project,
I feel it could give me a little bit more
confidence boost because I always sort of
felt like I may not be ready or capable
of to actually work on a project,
but being able to apply my own skills
should, you know,
boost that confidence up.
And a fun fact about myself is that I
managed to become an Eagle Scout,
and out of all the group of kids that
entered my local Boy Scout troop,
I was the only one to manage to become an
Eagle Scout.
And I'll hand it off to Jayden.
Hello, my name is Jayden Jones.
I'm a software engineering major here at
Kennesaw.
As far as my professional background,
I currently work for Xfinity.
I'm a field technician,
so I like go out and diagnose like.
Issues at people's houses.
I do that part time on the side of my
school work and as far as my professional
background as well,
I'm actually working on a modeling and
simulation project right now using Python
and I want to use some automation.
So that's kind of what drew me.
Into this project,
I want to learn and kind of get my hands
on that and just be able to integrate it
with my project right now.
And a fun fact about myself is I used to
play rugby for the school here.
I actually just stopped last semester
cause I'm trying to graduate and get
started in my professional career,
but I did that for a few years and I was
the captain on the team for like 2 years,
so that was pretty fun and.
I think I'm the last person,
so I'll hand it off to, I guess,
the speaker.
Yeah, you're the last student. So Henry,
you and I are the sponsors.
So I already introduced myself and Henry,
let me tell you something that he will
probably be too shy to tell you.
So he's very awesome.
I think last year he was in your place.
He was a student working on the capstone
projects that basically my husband and I
just invented because we needed a medical
background project and he did wonderful
and they took 1st and then he came back
after graduation.
And now he's given back to you guys what
he received from us.
Hey, hello. Can you hear me?
Hello. OK, all right, cool.
Do I go ahead and introduce myself now?
Yes, we can hear you.
OK, so hello everyone. My name is Henry.
I just like I'm a recent graduate from
Yep.
Kansas State University from the Masters
of IT. My background.
I have a bachelor's degree in computer
science.
And I also have a master's degree in IT.
My professional background spanned across
various roles. I was in IT support.
That was where I started from.
Then I graduated on to software
engineering and ventured an IT manager
before I resigned and moved down to the
US.
Then I said specializing in,
specializing in cloud infrastructure and
automation. And yeah,
my interest picked up with health
technology and that's one of the reasons
why after this project from the last
capstone resident with me pretty much
very well.
And now I just I'm just focused on
contributing, adding value where I can,
building technology that people find
useful.
I recently started a YouTube channel,
I guess that's a fun fact.
I don't even know how that is going,
but I'm just taking it easy just to
sharpen my skill set and.
Yeah, just get just add value where I can.
Some other things I enjoy doing is
playing soccer and chess. Also,
I enjoy playing chess very well. And yeah,
that's it.
I'm happy to help you guys out wherever I
can.
So guys, how we divided this project?
So the initiator slash sponsor for this
project is my team and Henry is around to
provide more Technical Support.
Like we said, you know this project.
I don't know how you're going to solution
it,
but it has a lot of different components.
We have power automate,
we have database where we store all this
information.
We have a yeah on top of it to do like
basic language processing which can be
local.
A lot of things we need to to discuss.
So I think additional technical
mentorship is going to be really helpful.
A few words about the project.
Everything is in the spec, but basically.
When Taylor and I joined this program,
our predecessors used to have.
Three,
maybe 5 industry sponsored projects.
So all this infrastructure,
all this meetings and you know everything
was manageable. People did everything.
They attended each and every meeting.
They sat there. So obviously if something.
Started going wrong.
If somebody doesn't show up or if there
are questions,
if the sponsors try to change the scope
on the fly and so on and so forth,
you know they noticed everything.
They handled it right there and then and
then right now we have 30 plus projects,
so basically.
We, I think 35, so we grew 7 times.
There is no way for us to sit on each and
every meeting and see if there are any
red flags. However,
there is a need so and we really felt it
last semester.
There were meetings that, you know,
the sponsor all of a sudden changed the
requirements.
There were meetings where students were
not showing up.
There were meetings that were, you know,
sponsor was, I'm sorry to say,
you know they.
They were too harsh with the students and
you know,
in some cases students were doing
something that, you know,
needed intervention and we were not
always there.
And this is not right because the job of
our team is to make sure that both sides,
the sponsor has wonderful experience
engaging with our students and that our
students.
Students have a wonderful experience and
full support working with our sponsor.
This is how this project came about.
Additionally,
we have noticed that you know we started
using power to make left and right and
this is the only reason.
We we managed to pull off this amount of
capstones. Taylor uses it, you know,
to create this teams and and so on and so
forth. And that's how we live.
Otherwise there would be no way for us to
manage it.
We also think that it's an awesome
addition to your resume.
Um.
OK.
And we will get to your questions later
on.
Now let me go over the housekeeping
specification.
This Word document that was given to you
is your main reference,
at least at the beginning.
Please check out the milestone
expectations.
We are going to have 3 milestone
presentations this semester,
approximately every month because the
semester is 3 months long.
So for every milestone you have to be
ready with certain things.
And they're all listed.
If something doesn't make sense,
or if the scope needs to be changed
somewhat, it's all well and good,
but we need to talk about it as long as
we're in agreement.
Everything is good.
OK,
so first thing in milestone one is formal
requirement documents. How formal?
What's the format? It's between you,
maybe you and your professor decide
what's you know, you can do user stories,
you can do, you can check some software.
Standards.
There are standards for the conventions,
the requirements. It's entirely up to you.
But the first thing I want as a sponsor
and to tell it to all the Capstone
students who take this kind of industry
sponsored projects,
I want to see your understanding of the
requirements. I want to see.
What exactly you're going to build?
Why this is needed if the SEC is so darn
detailed?
Because the SEC is my understanding. OK,
it's what I want.
I don't know how you understand it.
And if, God forbid,
there is a misunderstanding and there
will be,
I want it to be detected very early.
I don't want us to meet two months from
now and you show me something and I'm
like, Oh my God,
this is not what I asked them.
And then either, you know,
I put up with this, not great,
or I tell you to redo everything very not
great, because then it's very expensive.
It's very costly for you to redo things
that already been done.
So we start with the requirement document.
OK,
and again here it says review of full
code base. It's not relevant for you,
it's just an example.
I just grabbed the first the first
capstone spec and took it from there. OK.
And This is why we always start with your
understanding of our requirements.
And this is also where you know the
questions is the scope and we see maybe
some things cannot make it,
maybe some things have to be solution
differently. And again,
it's cool as long as we're in agreement.
You will definitely see that there are
some features that you will not be able
to develop within three months.
It's normal. Please, please,
please write them down.
Create like some section or a separate
document or something where you will put
future features.
That don't make it to MVP or you can even
it's called Moscow model.
You can look it up if you don't know you
put all the features that you can think
about on one in one you know in one
document.
And then we just prioritize and for every
feature we decide, OK,
this is this will make it into the
minimal viable product because we can
make it happen. And this one is optional,
like if we have time, we'll do it.
And this one is it has to be done.
It's super cool.
But not within the time frame.
But I want to see it first of all,
because if you offload it somewhere,
if you write it down and say OK,
this is for the future,
at least it will stop nagging you.
You kind of,
you know you offloaded it into this
document and you can forget about it for
now.
It shows me the road map and it will
shows that you have a vision if you take
this project and I really hope that you
will.
This project's usually place if you take
it to see day and you present it to the
judges and you tell them.
You know, this is my vision.
We didn't make it happen because we only
had three months.
But this is what we need to do.
It gives a completely different
impression. So bottom line,
think about it, write it down.
Don't worry about it if it doesn't make
it,
because the last thing we want to happen
is for you.
To finish the semester and say, oh,
if I only had another week it would have
worked,
but as of now nothing works and it's not
good O minimal viable roduct is important.
How do we communicate?
So I think at this point of time we have
bi-weekly meeting scheduled.
If you need it to happen weekly,
let us know.
We will meet weekly three out of this.
Periodic meetings will be upgraded to
milestone presentation.
Bottom line is unless you guys ask for it,
we will just use the same time slot once
a month to do the milestone presentations
and again we will have as many or as few
meetings as you.
Need because these meetings are for you.
It's for you to show me what you have
developed and get my feedback and have
questions answered by Henry or myself, OK?
You don't have to wait for the meeting in
order to ask your question. Please,
please, please.
Especially at the beginning when you're
working on the requirements document.
If you don't have questions,
something is wrong, right?
Because I don't know how you're going to
develop it. You don't have.
You don't know what I think about it.
We have to talk.
Don't wait for the meeting.
And send me an e-mail and usually we ask
to copy. Yes,
and we ask to copy your professor please
on all the written communications with a
sponsor as well as my team.
But in this particular case,
it's me and Henry,
so you already have me copied,
so you're good.
And guys, do me a favour.
Channel all the questions through one
team member,
whether it's a lead or somebody else,
I don't care.
But so that you know one person,
I mean the entire team knows what the
answer is.
OK, uh, next.
Milestone and ongoing status meetings
attendance requirements.
So for the ongoing status meetings,
at least one person should represent the
team. You don't have to be all present.
Of course you can be if you want to.
But you don't need to for the milestone
presentations.
We ask please the entire team to come and
to talk. Why?
Because I'm sure you know everybody did
something.
For this,
for the deliverables of one particular
milestone,
we want you to be given a chance to speak,
to practice your presentation skills,
to get our feedback. Because, you know,
this is a very forgiving learning
environment. Why not? It's an opportunity.
Breen, I don't know.
You know what's communicated.
So some professors are very clear about
it, saying you have to prepare PowerPoint.
Some of them even asked to prepare
PowerPoint presentations for the weekly
or like biweekly. I don't know.
What the requirements of the class are.
However, for the milestone presentation,
please come with slides.
I'm not going to say PowerPoint,
use Canva, use whatever.
It's very difficult to talk if you don't
have anything,
if you don't have a picture.
If you want to do live demonstrations,
it's wonderful.
If you're a little hesitant,
at least at the beginning, record it.
It's fine.
I know the software never works once you
start sharing your screen. Up to you, OK?
Um.
So for the weekly meetings or biweekly,
whatever you decide,
three things need to be covered. Again,
you want to prepare a slide? Sure,
you don't need to.
What did your team work on since the last
meeting? So first thing is the past.
Second thing is what is the team going to
work on until the next meeting?
So that's the future. And third,
of course, what holds you back?
What are your team's problems and
questions?
OK,
and then we can talk about the weather,
rock climbing and other cool stuff.
All for hardware and software.
We will need to discuss where this thing
will run.
From what I'm thinking about,
probably it's not a bad idea to have a
KSU Windows or Linux server dedicated to
this. If this is what we want to do,
Taylor is going to send like a
questionnaire form asking what your
hardware requirements are.
Let's request it.
For your particular server,
if this is what you decide to do,
please ask for me to begin and Henry.
Henry has a student account.
Ask for us to be given accesses. No,
sorry, if they provision the servers,
they give you 1 user I think.
And then we just share,
we just tell it to everyone.
I'm not sure how it works,
but we need to be able to access the
server and.
Your sources are in the GitHub repository
and please add myself and Henry to this
repo.
You don't need to add us as a reviewers
or something, but we need to be there.
Now who is going to create it?
In the the previous students team,
they said so we have to create a new
account for this capstone.
The answer is no.
You can use your existing account,
but create a new repository,
share it with us.
OK, my idea I think is my KSUML.
OK and how frequently to check in? Yes,
not once per semester. OK,
preferably once you start developing,
do it.
I don't know once a week.
OK, what else? We're always here for you,
especially since you know I'm so
fortunate to be on the same network as
you are.
Teams is the best way to reach me.
Emails is also great.
My phone number is in my signature.
For a reason,
which means it's OK to call me,
text me so and we will send monthly
surveys asking you know if there are any
concerns, but don't wait for it.
Just if something is going South,
just let us know.
Uh, I think this is it. So questions.
Yes, it's Calvin.
As far as creating the GitHub repository,
you mentioned that your Kennesaw e-mail
is the one associated with your GitHub
account.
I think so.
Let me double check that it's not my
Gmail. I'll double check, but yes,
I think it's my case, you know.
OK.
And then I just wanted to ask Henry as
well if he knew what emails associated
with his.
So we could invite both of y'all.
Yeah,
you can use my student e-mail is I'm it's
still I still have access to it,
but I could send you my own personal
e-mail if that works.
Whichever you prefer.
OK, I'll send them to you then, alright.
Thank you.
That's coming, right?
Mm-hmm. Yeah,
you you can just reply all on this
Correct.
Oh.
meeting invite.
OK.
When it comes to some of the project
specifications,
Uh huh.
would we be able to send or like post a
document of some of the questions for you
guys to answer in the in the teams?
Yeah,
and it doesn't have to be a document,
you know, whatever works for you.
You can definitely create like an Excel
and put it into the teams like under
shared that are like files.
You can put it there.
Just please once you create it.
Uh,
share it with us and tell us this is
where the questions are going to be.
OK.
OK. And yeah,
that's a great idea actually.
We should probably tell it to all the
students to do it this way. Wow,
I really like it.
So yeah,
you know the way that we envision it.
So we say Power Automate and what's not.
It will be mostly for the recording part
and all the meetings are auto recorded
and they're dumped into the SharePoint.
So and somehow your your program,
your application should grab it from
there, do some processing,
dump it into the database.
We will talk about you know what makes
sense for this database so that it's not
ridiculously large.
And we need to make sure that the query
is returned. So you know,
it's not going to be a huge amount.
Like let's say we have not more than 50
capstones each semester and at most they
have one meeting a week.
So we're not talking about huge volume,
but.
Because the recordings are so big,
we need to see what we keep and what we
keep as metadata and what we keep as
links and yeah,
and how we send the notifications and how
the dashboards are going to look and we
can reiterate.
It again which kind of user roles are
there.
So originally you know we saw that there
is like somebody like us who can see
everything and and make changes and some
capstone professors who who will be read
only but also have to see all this
information. Things like this.
OK,
so a use case for this for this
application would be the capstones.
They have a meeting.
Mhm.
Those meetings are recorded and then sent
through the Microsoft Power Automate and
then the application would then take it
from there, do all of its processing,
identify the risk and then return that in
some format back to the.
Users and then you would want some kind
of moderator security level of being able
to access either all of the things or
just strictly what they were involved in.
Correct.
And also you know of course everything is
archived.
So if the moderator needs to go and see
what is being, you know,
because hallucinations and what's not
Mhm.
will be there.
Also real time or near real time
notifications.
So for example my cell phone number,
it's a T-Mobile.
I think all the carriers do it.
So you know you can send an e-mail.
Well,
and it will translate into a text message
in case something seriously wrong is
going on. Yeah, and again,
you know it's how you solution it
architecturally.
Maybe you decide that you know you don't
even want to bother with Power Automate.
I don't know.
Or maybe you will say, you know, no,
most of the things,
including the initial analysis of the
transcript,
I want it to be done in Power Automate
rather than in the app because Gemini is
there and it's so you know you will have
to check it out and see what you come up
with.
How you divide it between the components
and what the components are going to be.
OK.
Yeah, so you know, I think about it.
Digest it.
Do you want to meet the next week?
Or two weeks from now, tell me.
I think we'd be good to meet.
We could probably come with a couple of
prepared questions and try maybe like a
mock up or sketch of how we think that
this will probably work out and we can
try to present that to you guys.
Mhm.
So do you guys want to meet every other
week or every week?
I think going forward every other week
would probably work best and then then we
can kind of adjust that as needed if that
works for you guys.
That's reasonable.
Awesome.
So see you in two weeks and if I don't
reply, just ping me. Don't be shy please,
because a lot is going on and hopefully
OK.
we will not lose power this week.
OK, guys,
thank you very much and connect with me
and I promise I will put this headshot
post tonight because I promised you.
So now I have to. OK. Thank you. Yes.
All right. Thank you all.
It was very nice meeting everyone.
Thank you. Bye. You all have a good day.
Same. Thank you.
Thank you.
Yeah, bye. Thank you. You too.
Thank you. Bye, bye.
Bye.
Bye, bye.